I want to congratulate you.

You are with an incredible company and I'm thrilled to be here with the men and the women who are really the heart and soul of one of the greatest, most admired, and most successful companies in the history of the world, frankly, the one and only; McDonald's.

I've gone there a couple of times.
And I'm honored to stand before you as the very first former McDonald's fry cook ever to become president of the United States.

And I actually was there for about 30 minutes, and that was 30 minutes longer than Kamala was there.

Despite her job at McDonald's, that didn't work out too well.

And the person at McDonald's that informed us, off the record, that she never worked there, whoever you are, we appreciate that.

That was very nice.

But I want to thank, as you know, the famous Sundar and Sergey, Sergey Brin.

These are two guys that own and run a place called Google.

They called me the following day after I did that McDonald's little skit, because it wasn't a commercial.

You got it for nothing.

It was a skit.

And they told me that…

And I didn't know them.

I said, "Who are they?"

They own Google.

I said, "That's pretty good.

That's not bad."

And that it received more hits than anything else in the history of Google and that record, it still stands.

So congratulations on allowing us to use it, but you made a very good deal as usual.

But in the old days, McDonald's and many others would call me to do this kind of a thing, come over and say some words and talk, and they'd pay me millions of dollars.

Likewise, they'd do it.

They'd call all these other superstars and they'd pay them millions of dollars to speak.

And as president, I'm doing this damn thing for nothing, okay?

And you know what?

Because it's you, it's an honor to do it and it's an honor to be here.

Really, the job that McDonald's has done is incredible and that you're doing.
But as you may have heard, I'm also one of your all-time most loyal customers.

I really am.

Well, I think that's good.

I'm pretty sure that's good.

While other politicians fly around on campaign planes stocked with expensive catering, on Trump Force One, prior to ascending to Air Force One, which is quite a nice plane also, we served only McDonald's almost every time.

On occasion, we couldn't find one, which is pretty hard to believe, we'd go another route, but we really did.

You fed us very well.

And I even got Bobby Kennedy to eat a Big Mac and he told me he loved it.

He didn't want that publicized. He told me he loved it. I thought it was great.

I want to thank McDonald's Chairman and CEO, Chris Kempczinski, who I just met backstage.

I guess, gave him a little piece of my speech signed.

I said, "Do you want to keep this?

You can either hang it, you can give it to somebody, or you can throw it away.

I don't care."

But I don't stay on the speech too long anyway.

So, usually those speeches aren't too accurate to what I give.

But McDonald's USA President is here, Joe Erlinger.

Joe, wherever you may be, thank you very much.

Thank you. Thank you, Joe.

Good job, along with everyone from the International Franchise Association, which does really fantastic work.

I've heard from many people, you do a fantastic job.

So thanks as well to two former McDonald's operators now serving in Congress, Representative Kevin Hern and Chuck Edwards.

Are you here, fellas?

Come on, fellas.

And they're warriors, those two.

They're warriors.

Thank you very much.

Great job.

And of course, let me thank the people who truly keep the McDonald's magic alive; the incredible franchisees, and you got a lot of them here tonight.

Yeah, and you're the heart and soul, and they would tell you that all the time.

They tell me that.

You carry on the commitment to what Ray Kroc said he wanted from every McDonald's restaurant; perfection.

Have you heard that?

Perfection.

It was very strong.

Ray liked to say that if you think small, you'll stay small.

And that's why no one thinks bigger than McDonald's, not in your industry, and probably never will.

I don't know if anybody can ever catch… I doubt it.

Every single day, you feed an incredible 1% of the entire world population, 70 million meals every day.

An amazing one in eight Americans works behind the counter of a McDonald's franchise at some point in their lives.

Yeah, we heard about that.

I heard about that.

Wasn't true in that particular case, but for tens of millions of our citizens, the road to the American dream starts beneath the golden arches, beautiful golden arches.

So, to each and every one of you, thank you and congratulations on 70 years of American greatness.

Congratulations.

And I just might add, this is also the golden age of America because we are doing better than we've ever done as a country.

Prices are coming down and all of that stuff, and they talk about different terms for that, but I will tell you that nobody has done what we've done in terms of pricing.

We took over a mess, we had the highest…

Think of it, the highest inflation in the history of our country.

They say 48 years, it was the history of our country, and now we have normal inflation, we're going to get it a little bit lower frankly, but we have normal…

We've normalized it, we have it down to a low level, but we're going to get it a little bit lower.

We want perfection.

You always want 1%.

I don't know if anybody knows.

You don't want zero, zero can be bad.

Then you start going the other route, that's no good either.

Then you say, "What's worse, deflation or inflation?"

But we have it almost at the sweet spot and prices are coming down on different things.

One of your groups that you admire, I admire, Walmart came up last week and they announced that Thanksgiving, this year's 25% less.

All of the accoutrements…

That Thanksgiving is 25% less than it was last year under sleepy Joe Biden.

So, that's a big statement.

And others have followed up by saying just about that.

And to your leader, who when we met, I said, "How are you doing with prices?

Prices are coming down."

He said, "We were up 40% because of Biden and inflation, and they're coming down and they're coming down rapidly."

So, I hope that all continues to go, but we're really doing well as a country.

Most importantly, however, I will tell you, big picture, we have over $17 trillion being invested in our country in nine months.

It's now just about ready to crack 18.

And by the end of one year, we will have about $20 to $21 trillion invested on our country.

That's more, by 10 times, the highest amount ever invested in any country ever before.

And it's largely because of tariffs and I think November 5th election, but it's the largest amount…

As an example, so if we have 20 or 21 in one year, 21 trillion, think of what that is.

That's car factories, it's AI, it's everything.

They're all coming back because of the tariffs.

They're all coming back because they don't want to pay 15%, 20%, 30%, 100% tariff.

It wasn't that complicated.

People are saying, "Trump was right. It really wasn't that complicated."

But it's been amazing.

As an example, if you take me at 20 for one year, sleepy Joe Biden, you know what he was?

Less than one for four years.

And if they got elected, they would've been at minus 10 because people were moving out of the country in record numbers and welfare and other charges were increasing at levels that nobody has ever seen before.

So, you would've had double and maybe 50%, maybe literally more than they've ever seen.

Welfare was going up.

Everything was going up.

Government jobs were going up, real jobs were going down.

So, you would've had that catastrophe.

And on top of it, instead of 20 trillion coming in, you would've had 10 trillion leaving our country.

In other words, you would've had a catastrophe.

You probably would've had a bankrupt country.

You are so damn lucky that I won that election,

I'm telling you.

It's true.

It's true.

It's actually true.

I hope the press covers that.

Some days, "He got up and he ranted and raved and bragged."

I don't brag. I just give you the facts, it's true.

But those in this room know the people of our country better than anybody.

And before the sun rises, you're up serving hot coffee to construction workers, nurses, and police officers on the way to the job.

In the evening, you stand ready with the fast dinner and a smile for busy moms and their children as they race from school to soccer practice.

Really is, it's Americana.

And late at night, your lights are often the only one still glowing when the long-haul trucker pulls up for a good meal and a best Coca-Cola in America.

Best Coca-Cola.

And I'll bet they use real sugar in your Coca-Cola.

They didn't in the United States.

I said to the head of Coca-Cola, "You got to go to sugar.

They do in other countries."

And you know what?

They went to sugar.

Isn't that nice?

I said, "You got to go to sugar."

Just like I said, "Why is the Gulf of Mexico called the Gulf of Mexico?"

I said, "We're changing the name."

And now it's the Gulf of America.

It has nothing to do with McDonald's, but maybe it does because it's very nice…

We have 92% of the shoreline, they have 8%.

I wouldn't say I made a lot of friends in Mexico, but they still like me.

Wasn't that a good change?

No, seriously, wasn't that beautiful?

And it was done in an instant.

It's like, normally you think a thing like that would take years.

This took, like, 10 minutes.

I asked somebody, good lawyers in my office,

I said, "Would I be able to change the Gulf of Mexico?

Is that possible, to the Gulf…" "Sir, it's been that way for 350 years.

They were here 100 years before us.

We were 250, they were 350.

It's been called the Gulf of Mexico, sir, for 350 years."

I said, "That's not the question. Am I able to change it?" "

Yes."

"What do I do?"