I went to school in Philadelphia.
I'll say. 
I like it. And we won it twice in actuality, and we won it all the times in the primers. We had great success here. We're going to have the biggest year we ever had. This is going to be a big one. And hello also to this great place. I love this place. I've gone to a couple of games. You used to have good teams. Do you still have good teams here? I don't know. A little bit. A little bit. You had a great coach actually. Hello, Pennsylvania. It's good to be with you.Good to be with you. I'm thrilled to be back in the birthplace of American freedom with thousands and thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots, which is what you are.With your help, five months from now, we're going to win this Commonwealth. We're going to evict crooked Joe Biden from the White House, and we are going to make America great again.Less than four years ago, our border was secure, inflation was nowhere to be seen. The world was at peace. They respected your country and America was strong like never before, all because you finally had a President who put America first. I put America first. Now under crooked Joe Biden, the worst President in the history of our country, the world is in flames. Our border is overrun. Inflation is raging. Crime is out of control. Europe is in chaos. The Middle East is exploding. Iran is emboldened. China is on the march. And this horrible, horrible President is dragging us toward World War III. We're going to be in World War III soon. I see every move he's making. Remember, Trump was right about everything. You see the cap. Trump was right. We're racing a clock. We're racing a clock. We'll be in World War III with this guy. That's why this November, the people of Pennsylvania are going to tell crooked Joe Biden, you are fired. Get out. Get out. You're fired.Few communities have suffered more under the Biden regime than Philadelphia. Under crooked Joe, the city of brotherly love is being ravaged by bloodshed and crime. Two weeks ago, nine people were shot in a single weekend, including three teenagers, so seriously hurt. Murders in Philadelphia reached their highest level in six decades. Retail theft in Philly, I spent so much time here, is up 135% since I left office. The convenience stores are closing down left and right. The pharmacies have to lock up the soap. There's soap. You want to buy a little bar of soap, you got to go through a big deal, open up the glass, open up the steel. They can't keep a bar of soap. People walk in, they just take it. You can't buy toothpaste. You can't buy a toothbrush. You want a toothbrush, it takes you 45 minutes.Meanwhile, the schools are ranked fourth from the bottom in the entire nation and crooked Joe has no plan to improve them, none whatsoever. By the way, we're moving the Department of Education back to the states and we're gonna do it quickly. And you know some of our states are going to do a fantastic job with running education. If you think about it, we're?we spend more per pupil than any other country in the world, and we're at the bottom of every list. So as I used to say about a group that likes me very much, what the hell do you have to lose? Right? We might as well do it. And we'll be able to cut education in half and get much better education. Some of the states, I could name them right now, will have the best education anywhere in the world. Some won't do as well. There are a couple of states, like I would say Gavin Newscum, will not do well. Under the Trump administration, we're going to bring law and order and safety back to our streets. We are going to bring success back to our schools. We're going to bring prosperity back to our forgotten communities, and we are going to liberate our once great cities and make Philadelphia better and more beautiful than ever before.But saving this once incredible place begins with stopping the killing and the crime that's setting records every single week. Unbelievably, crooked Joe Biden is going around trying to claim that crime is down. He says crime is down. Crime is so much up. First of all, we have a new form of crime. It's called the Biden Migrant crime, Right? Biden Migrant.And all these millions of people that have come in here, they're just getting warmed up because they wanted to feel it out. They didn't know what the words politically correct mean because in their country, if they did what they do over here, they'd be shot and killed instantly. They can't believe what's happening over here. So it's only going to get worse. It's going to get worse and worse right up to the election. And after the election and January 20th, it's going to get real good. Gonna get real good. Gonna go fast. We're going to give immunity to our police. So if they arrest somebody or if they speak a little bit harshly, they won't be discarded. They won't be destroyed. They won't be thrown in jail because they raise their voice to a criminal. They won't lose their family, they won't lose their home, they won't lose their pension. But the FBI crime statistics Biden is pushing are fake.They're fake just like everything else in this administration.Now he's even saying that all his mishaps were fake. They say the fake news covered him in a fake manner. That's a lot of fake news. That's a lot of fake news back there.All we want them to do is be honest because they're all going out of business. Nobody believes them anymore. And it didn't help when they went along with the Biden scam. What is he called? What does he call it? You know what he calls it? So they get him in about nine different positions. I mean even normal positions, although I assume he's been in some very bad ones. But they get him in all these horrible compromising postsand then they say he wasn't?It really wasn't that way, I was told. Then everybody sends in?They all have cameras. See, every one of you has a camera. If I blow it up here though, actually, they take a perfect, brilliant, beautiful statement that I make, I go for two hours without teleprompters, and if I say one word slightly out, they say "He's cognitively impaired."Whereas Biden can run into walls. He can fall off the stage. He can fall up the stairs. He falls upHe can turn around. Listen to this. From 20,000 feet, a paratrooper is landing right in front of him. Everybody, all the foreign leaders there watching, and he turns around to look at a tree. Right? No.And then they said it was fake.