Did you ever think you'd be hearing a major speech like in around close to one o'clock in the morning?Are we crazy?Is this crazy? It's crazy. But, you know, we just left New Hampshire where we're doing fantastically well.We're up in New Hampshire.We're up in Ohio.We're up in Iowa.We're up in North Carolina.We're doing great there.We're up in Florida.We're doing really, really well in Pennsylvania.I mean, we are doing well.These people, the world's most dishonest people, the media.They are not happy.No, no, they're not happy.They're saying, "What's going on?" Today, we're going to win the great state of Michigan.and we are going to win back the White House.We're hours away from a once in a lifetime change. We're going to have real change, not Obama change.I want to begin tonight by thanking all of you and all of the people in this incredible movement.You know, it's a movement like has never happened in this country before. It's a movement that nobody's ever seen before, even these people. They talk about it. It's one of the great political phenomenons. Many of them have said it. Even some of them who truly, truly dislike me, they've said this is one of the great phenomenons.I mean, look at this place at almost one o'clock in the morning. Look at it. So I love Michigan. And I was the Man of the Year or something like four or five years ago, and I came here, and I have so many friends in Michigan,but I came here to get the award. They asked me to make a speech. I made a speech, and I talked about how Michigan, they're ripping your auto companies apart. They're taking your jobs. They're closing your plants and they're moving them to Mexico and other places. But mostly, to Mexico in this case. And I talked about that and everybody liked me in Michigan. I said, "But, you know, we have to do something about it.?But I wasn't a politician. But I talked about it and I kept talking about it and talking about it and talking,and then I see Ford moving a big plant and then Ford just two weeks ago announcing their small cars are going to be produced and made entirely in Mexico.And it's getting worse and worse. And I developed a great relationship with the people of Michigan. So the reason I'm here is that I thought New Hampshire was going to be my last speech and I heard that crooked Hillary Clinton was coming to Michigan. I said, "Let's follow it up. Let's follow it up." And I said, "There's no place I'd rather be for my last rally right here in Michigan, late at night and full of energy and life." Boy, do we have energy and life.Wow. Although this is our last rally of this campaign, it's almost hard to believe. We started a year and a half ago. We started with  : : very talented people: governors, senators, Dr. Ben Carson, great guy, a lot of talented people. And one by one by one -- and most of them have been terrific and give us great support.Ben Carson's one of them as you know. But -- but who would have thought -- and now we have one flawed candidate left to beat, one flawed candidate. It's going to be the very beginning of a new adventure.Because the new adventure -- we have to win, we have to go out and vote. But the new adventure is making America great again.We're going to do it. After we win, I'm going to be coming back to Michigan a lot.I'm going to be coming back every time we open a new factory or a new automobile plant, and we will do it and we'll do a lot of expansion. We're going to do a lot of expansion. I know exactly what to do, folks. We're not going to lose your jobs anymore. We're not going to lose your jobs anymore. We are going to bring back the automobile industry to Michigan, bigger and better and stronger than ever before.You've been mistreated. Michigan now stands at the crossroads of history. If we win Michigan, we will win this historic election, and then we truly will be able to do all of the things we want to do. They won't be taking our jobs any longer.They won't be doing the things they've been doing to us. We'll end up having great healthcare, strong borders. We'll build up our military, we have no choice. We have a depleted military. We'll be able to do the things we want to do. When you step into that voting booth today, it's now today, there is one core question for you to consider.Do you want America to be ruled by the corrupt political class,or do you want America to be ruled by you, the people?That's what it is, by the people. The way it was supposed to have been for a long time.We've lost track. And for Michigan, we will bring back your automobile production and we will bring back your industry. Wait till you see what we do for Michigan. I've been talking about it for a long time. Crooked Hillary has not talked about it, folks. She doesn't know where to begin. She talked about bringing industry back to New York State when she was a New York State Senator. Let me tell you, not only didn't it come back.Look at upstate New York. It's a disaster. It got worse. People fled, companies fled. It's a disaster. The corrupt politicians and their special interests have ruled over this country for a very long time. Today is our Independence Day. Today, the American working class is going to strike back finally. Real change begins with immediately repealing and replacing the disaster known as Obamacare. It's just been announced that the residents of Michigan are going to experience a massive double digit premium hike, like you wouldn't believe. Not going to matter that much, honestly, because we're going to terminate it. You're not going to have to worry about it, OK? Don't worry. Now, on the other hand, if something horrible happens tomorrow, get ready to pay a lot more than you're even paying now.But that's not going to happen. I'm looking at that fantastic young lady right there. She's shaking her head. No way, no way. Not going to happen, right? Good. Not going to happen. No, I don't think you're going to have to worry about the premiums. But with Obamacare, premiums are surging, companies are leaving, insurers are fleeing, doctors are quitting, and deductibles are going right through the roof. Yet Hillary Clinton wants to double down on Obamacare, making it even more expensive, and it doesn't work.