I heard about that. Wasn't true in that particular case, but for tens of millions of our citizens, the road to the American dream starts beneath the golden arches, beautiful golden arches. So, to each and every one of you, thank you and congratulations on 70 years of American greatness. Congratulations.And I just might add, this is also the golden age of America because we are doing better than we've ever done as a country. Prices are coming down and all of that stuff, and they talk about different terms for that, but I will tell you that nobody has done what we've done in terms of pricing. We took over a mess, we had the highestÉ Think of it, the highest inflation in the history of our country. They say 48 years, it was the history of our country, and now we have normal inflation, we're going to get it a little bit lower frankly, but we have normalÉ We've normalized it, we have it down to a low level, but we're going to get it a little bit lower. We want perfection.You always want 1%. I don't know if anybody knows. You don't want zero, zero can be bad. Then you start going the other route, that's no good either. Then you say, "What's worse, deflation or inflation?" But we have it almost at the sweet spot and prices are coming down on different things.One of your groups that you admire, I admire, Walmart came up last week and they announced that Thanksgiving, this year's 25% less. All of the accoutrementsÉ That Thanksgiving is 25% less than it was last year under sleepy Joe Biden. So, that's a big statement. And others have followed up by saying just about that.And to your leader, who when we met, I said, "How are you doing with prices? Prices are coming down." He said, "We were up 40% because of Biden and inflation, and they're coming down and they're coming down rapidly." So, I hope that all continues to go, but we're really doing well as a country. Most importantly, however, I will tell you, big picture, we have over $17 trillion being invested in our country in nine months. It's now just about ready to crack 18. And by the end of one year, we will have about $20 to $21 trillion invested on our country. That's more, by 10 times, the highest amount ever invested in any country ever before. And it's largely because of tariffs and I think November 5th election, but it's the largest amountÉ As an example, so if we have 20 or 21 in one year, 21 trillion, think of what that is. That's car factories, it's AI, it's everything. They're all coming back because of the tariffs. They're all coming back because they don't want to pay 15%, 20%, 30%, 100% tariff. It wasn't that complicated. People are saying, "Trump was right. It really wasn't that complicated." But it's been amazing.As an example, if you take me at 20 for one year, sleepy Joe Biden, you know what he was? Less than one for four years. And if they got elected, they would've been at minus 10 because people were moving out of the country in record numbers and welfare and other charges were increasing at levels that nobody has ever seen before. So, you would've had double and maybe 50%, maybe literally more than they've ever seen. Welfare was going up. Everything was going up. Government jobs were going up, real jobs were going down. So, you would've had that catastrophe. And on top of it, instead of 20 trillion coming in, you would've had 10 trillion leaving our country. In other words, you would've had a catastrophe. You probably would've had a bankrupt country. You are so damn lucky that I won that election, I'm telling you. It's true. It's true. It's actually true.I hope the press covers that. Some days, "He got up and he ranted and raved and bragged." I don't brag. I just give you the facts, it's true. But those in this room know the people of our country better than anybody. And before the sun rises, you're up serving hot coffee to construction workers, nurses, and police officers on the way to the job. In the evening, you stand ready with the fast dinner and a smile for busy moms and their children as they race from school to soccer practice. Really is, it's Americana. And late at night, your lights are often the only one still glowing when the long-haul trucker pulls up for a good meal and a best Coca-Cola in America. Best Coca-Cola. And I'll bet they use real sugar in your Coca-Cola.They didn't in the United States. I said to the head of Coca-Cola, "You got to go to sugar. They do in other countries." And you know what? They went to sugar. Isn't that nice? I said, "You got to go to sugar." Just like I said, "Why is the Gulf of Mexico called the Gulf of Mexico?" I said, "We're changing the name." And now it's the Gulf of America. It has nothing to do with McDonald's, but maybe it does because it's very niceÉ We have 92% of the shoreline, they have 8%. I wouldn't say I made a lot of friends in Mexico, but they still like me. Wasn't that a good change? No, seriously, wasn't that beautiful?And it was done in an instant. It's like, normally you think a thing like that would take years. This took, like, 10 minutes. I asked somebody, good lawyers in my office, I said, "Would I be able to change the Gulf of Mexico? Is that possible, to the GulfÉ" "Sir, it's been that way for 350 years. They were here 100 years before us. We were 250, they were 350. It's been called the Gulf of Mexico, sir, for 350 years." I said, "That's not the question. Am I able to change it?" " Yes." "What do I do?" "Just give us the order. We'll do it." And I did and we changed it and everybody's happy. Well, not everybody, but most people. Most people are happy. But it's great prestige for our country. It's tremendous prestige for our country.And that's good for McDonald's and that's good for everybody else. As President, I want you to know that I'm fighting every day to support small businesses like yours and the citizens that we all serve. And together, we're fighting for an economy where everyone can win, from the cashier starting her first job to a franchisee opening his first location to the young family in a drive-through line. I've been on that line many times. Actually, that line was incredible in the commercial, right? It wasn't a commercial, it was aboutÉ But they had the line, the people had no idea, so I made the french fries. The guy was really good, he had a great wrist. He wasÉ He was going like, "SirÉ"It was not that easy, but I got it sort of finally. Not the greatest, but get it, pouring it in, asking them all sorts of stupid questions. But it was very interesting. Amazing. A little thing is not É It's a little complex, right? To father and son over there that own a lot. They're very rich people. But I'll tell you what? I asked, "How many do you have?" "Sir, I have 59." I said, "You're rich."But nobody knew in the line. That line was a long line. They had 25,000 people. So somebody let them know we were coming. It was toward the end of the campaign. And after I did the French fries and did some other things. I then stood at the window and the people would drive up. A little board in all fairness. I mean, they're waiting for a hamburger, okay? So they'd drive up like this, they'd look over, "Whoa." Every one of them.It was fascinating. Every one of them, the response was incredible. Almost like I knew I was going to win when I saw that. I knew because the response was love. It was great. They had a good time. But we did, I think 12 people, every one of them had the same response.They drive up. They did. They this. They get that, getting a little cash ready and they look over and it was some did a double take. Some went like that, "Wow." But it was sort of an amazing moment.I did a garbage truck also, right?And everybody, and I thought when I spoke with Serga and Sundar, I said,"Yeah, but the garbage truck was equal, wasn't it?" They said, "Not even a É The Garbage truck was great. Not even a contest to McDonald's." And that's because we had the power of McDonald's. I mean, it was an amazing thing.I thought the garbage É Frankly, I thought the garbage truck would've won. And they said it was good, but it wasn't even close. So that's a tribute to what you've built really. It really is a tribute to what you built.